Update persistent-storage-csi-vol-detach-non-graceful-shutdown-proced… (#95410)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/persistent-storage-csi-vol-detach-non-graceful-shutdown-procedure.adoc

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get node <node_name> <1>
----

> <1> <node_name> = name of the non-gracefully shutdown node

Author: Successfully committed the suggestion.

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc adm taint node <node_name> node.kubernetes.io/out-of-service=nodeshutdown:NoExecute <1>
----

> <1> <node_name> = name of the non-gracefully shutdown node

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> <node_name> = name of the node that shut down non-gracefully
```

Author: Hello Audrey,
Ack.. Thanks for the suggestion.
Sure, I will perform these changes.

+
[source, terminal]
----
$ oc adm taint node <node_name> node.kubernetes.io/out-of-service=nodeshutdown:NoExecute- <1>
----

> <1> <node_name> = name of the non-gracefully shutdown node

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> <node_name> = name of the node that shut down non-gracefully
```

Author: Successfully committed the suggestion.
